a long time gamer I was wanting to do a
game ever since I was five my parents
had this Atari twice was hundred in the
basement I just I spent so long just
down there trying to figure out those
games when I first discovered the iphone
sdk i saw that it was a huge opportunity
I was like when I can do a game of my
own terms what excited me about the
platform was just the fact that was an
all on one end and tool chain and I new
iphone provided a fundamentally new type
of gaming experience and as myself for a
game based on touching and tilting
what's a natural evolution point for
that what kind of game would would fit
best in there
when I starting my ideas for the game at
first I wanted to have a web of some
kinda you wanted to pinch the web points
in each other after that I was like well
I guess I gonna have like a lattice of
intertwined shapes and I'm like how
about I make these things blocks then my
buddy Rob came over and we cut up my
phone bill and had 500 triangles he said
okay what we fit in the screen there's
the one that couch is somewhere on them
I did the game forum idea to demo in 10
days I would go to work get on with 5pm
code until 5am and then go to work at
8am the iphone sdk was fantastic you can
start writing code you can download the
samples online and just you know plug it
in to be able to have first of all an
inline debugger you know a full ide code
highlighting I was saying you look we've
dropped this in your hands just go and
just have fun with it the UI kit that
make it so easy to make animations
happen I had three screw head objects
and be able to rotate those screws is
probably not something I would have done
if it had been you know hard to do but I
hulman it's so easy it's like why not
there's like a you know tours with the
work the very last thing i told myself i
would put all the features in and then
worry about performance at 4am and i
thought i was on top of it you know and
I opened up interest of the first time
and I saw some leaks and I was like okay
let's just figure him out and you know I
got done with my leeks in four hours one
in the App Store launched in June why
buddy Patrick calm if he's like dude
like app stores like open Andrea like
8th clicks I'm like oh my god
I don't have the budget to be a big
company i have a big marketing plan but
the App Store provides a single solid of
distribution channel and I feel like as
a meritocracy it's open the door for so
many different people that have good
ideas you can be some guy in a garage
and if you're making a game that people
really enjoy a something awful uniquely
it'll get noticed I'm Steve Demeter
crater of tourism
you